the righteous parishes and no man takes
the righteous parishes and no man takes it to heart
it to heart
it to heart merciful men are taken away while no one
merciful men are taken away while no one
merciful men are taken away while no one considers that the righteous is taken
considers that the righteous is taken
considers that the righteous is taken away from evil he shall enter into peace
away from evil he shall enter into peace
away from evil he shall enter into peace they shall rest in their beds each one
they shall rest in their beds each one
they shall rest in their beds each one walking in his uprightness but come here
walking in his uprightness but come here
walking in his uprightness but come here you sons of the sorceress you offspring
you sons of the sorceress you offspring
you sons of the sorceress you offspring of the adulterer and the harlot whom do
of the adulterer and the harlot whom do
of the adulterer and the harlot whom do you ridicule against whom do you make a
you ridicule against whom do you make a
you ridicule against whom do you make a wide mouth and stick out the tongue are
wide mouth and stick out the tongue are
wide mouth and stick out the tongue are you not children of transgression
you not children of transgression
you not children of transgression offspring of falsehood in flaming
offspring of falsehood in flaming
offspring of falsehood in flaming yourselves with gods under every Green
yourselves with gods under every Green
yourselves with gods under every Green Tree slaying the children in the valleys
Tree slaying the children in the valleys
Tree slaying the children in the valleys under the clefts of the rocks among the
under the clefts of the rocks among the
under the clefts of the rocks among the smooth stones of the stream is your
smooth stones of the stream is your
smooth stones of the stream is your portion they they are your lot even to
portion they they are your lot even to
portion they they are your lot even to them you have poured a drink offering
them you have poured a drink offering
them you have poured a drink offering you have offered a grain offering should
you have offered a grain offering should
you have offered a grain offering should I receive comfort in these on a lofty
I receive comfort in these on a lofty
I receive comfort in these on a lofty and high mountain you have set your bed
and high mountain you have set your bed
and high mountain you have set your bed even there you went up to offer
even there you went up to offer
even there you went up to offer sacrifice also behind the doors and
sacrifice also behind the doors and
sacrifice also behind the doors and their posts you have set up your
their posts you have set up your
their posts you have set up your remembrance for you have uncovered
remembrance for you have uncovered
remembrance for you have uncovered yourself to those other than me and have
yourself to those other than me and have
yourself to those other than me and have gone up to them you have enlarged your
gone up to them you have enlarged your
gone up to them you have enlarged your bed and made a covenant with them you
bed and made a covenant with them you
bed and made a covenant with them you have loved their bed where you saw their
have loved their bed where you saw their
have loved their bed where you saw their nudity you went to the king with
nudity you went to the king with
nudity you went to the king with pointment and increased your perfumes
pointment and increased your perfumes
pointment and increased your perfumes you sent your messengers far off and
you sent your messengers far off and
you sent your messengers far off and even descended to shield you are we read
even descended to shield you are we read
even descended to shield you are we read in the length of your way
in the length of your way
in the length of your way you did not say there is no hope you
you did not say there is no hope you
you did not say there is no hope you have found the life of your hand
have found the life of your hand
have found the life of your hand therefore you were not grieved and of
therefore you were not grieved and of
therefore you were not grieved and of whom have you been afraid or feared that
whom have you been afraid or feared that
whom have you been afraid or feared that you have lied and not remembered me nor
you have lied and not remembered me nor
you have lied and not remembered me nor taken it to your heart is it not because
taken it to your heart is it not because
taken it to your heart is it not because I have held my peace from a vote but you
I have held my peace from a vote but you
I have held my peace from a vote but you do not fear me I will declare your
do not fear me I will declare your
do not fear me I will declare your righteousness and your works for they
righteousness and your works for they
righteousness and your works for they will not profit you when you cry out let
will not profit you when you cry out let
will not profit you when you cry out let your collection of idols deliver you but
your collection of idols deliver you but
your collection of idols deliver you but the wind will carry them all away a
the wind will carry them all away a
the wind will carry them all away a breath will take them but he who puts
breath will take them but he who puts
breath will take them but he who puts his trust in me shall possess the land
his trust in me shall possess the land
his trust in me shall possess the land and shall inherit my holy mountain and
and shall inherit my holy mountain and
and shall inherit my holy mountain and one shall say keep it up keep it up
one shall say keep it up keep it up
one shall say keep it up keep it up prepare the way take the stumbling block
prepare the way take the stumbling block
prepare the way take the stumbling block out of the way of my people for thus
out of the way of my people for thus
out of the way of my people for thus says the high and lofty one who inhabits
says the high and lofty one who inhabits
says the high and lofty one who inhabits eternity whose name is holy i dwell in
eternity whose name is holy i dwell in
eternity whose name is holy i dwell in the high and holy place with him who has
the high and holy place with him who has
the high and holy place with him who has a contrite and humble spirit to revive
a contrite and humble spirit to revive
a contrite and humble spirit to revive the spirit of the humble and to revive
the spirit of the humble and to revive
the spirit of the humble and to revive the heart of the contrite ones for I
the heart of the contrite ones for I
the heart of the contrite ones for I will not contend forever nor will I
will not contend forever nor will I
will not contend forever nor will I always be angry
always be angry
always be angry for the spirit would fail before me and
for the spirit would fail before me and
for the spirit would fail before me and the souls which I have made for the
the souls which I have made for the
the souls which I have made for the iniquity of his covetousness I was angry
iniquity of his covetousness I was angry
iniquity of his covetousness I was angry and struck him I hid and was angry and
and struck him I hid and was angry and
and struck him I hid and was angry and he went on backsliding in the way of his
he went on backsliding in the way of his
he went on backsliding in the way of his heart I have seen his ways and will heal
heart I have seen his ways and will heal
heart I have seen his ways and will heal him
him
him I will also lead him and restore
I will also lead him and restore
I will also lead him and restore comforts to him and to his mourners I
comforts to him and to his mourners I
comforts to him and to his mourners I create the fruit of the lips
create the fruit of the lips
create the fruit of the lips peace peace to him who is far off and to
peace peace to him who is far off and to
peace peace to him who is far off and to him who is new and I will heal him but
him who is new and I will heal him but
him who is new and I will heal him but the wicked are like the troubled sea
the wicked are like the troubled sea
the wicked are like the troubled sea when it cannot rest whose waters cast up
when it cannot rest whose waters cast up
when it cannot rest whose waters cast up mire and dirt there is no peace says my
mire and dirt there is no peace says my
mire and dirt there is no peace says my God for the wicked